# What-Edtech-is-Doing-to-Make-Distance-Learning-More-Accessible-to-Everyone
To future-proof education, it is critical to recognise the importance of harnessing technology in education. To complement this goal, holistic edtech solutions are required, such as an outcome based education solution, which provides a platform that is responsive to the demands of instructors and learners. When it comes to online education, there are some issues that arise from time to time. However, it is still a very useful and essential tool for both educators and students. If used correctly, edtech solutions can also be used to address these issues. A well-structured Accreditation management solution may assist institutions in a variety of ways, including income, quality programmes, and scaling.  DigiVal creates a user interface keeping the user in mind For much of this year, in-person learning and training were unavailable due to global shutdowns that compelled schools and institutions to operate on a remote basis. For many who were struggling to locate acceptable conferencing systems to cater to huge groups, the change was counterintuitive. This abrupt change resulted in a slew of problems and software issues, and technologically inept educators and students have struggled to negotiate the abrupt shift to online instruction. This paved the path for more user-friendly software, such as DigiVal, which caters to the masses. The system collaborates closely with teachers to produce and improve online lessons, and it offers extensive customer and community assistance to help customers transition to the digital world.  Customized academic scheduling tool an all-in all-inclusive accessibility Students had previously been restricted due to factors such as geographic location, inconvenient timetables, or physical infirmity. Students may not be able to choose their preferred field of study or may be unable to attend face-to-face classes for a variety of reasons. Regardless of time zones, oceans, or quarantines, an online classroom management delivers the classroom to everyone. With video sharing, students no longer need to leave their homes to engage with their peers and teachers Outcome based education solutions through DigiVal can help assure success in the virtual classroom and entire education system by providing interactive and customised learning resources. Using our software allows you to use interactive online learning resources without sacrificing learning continuity. To know more: https://digi-val.com/blog/edtech-making-distance-learning-accessible
